README.md, before:

# Where's Waldo Knock-Off Project

Live Site: https://wheres-waldo-client.vercel.app/
Server Repository: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-server

This project was built using Vite, React.js, Node.js, Express.JS, and was styled using Styled Components. Below you can find installation instructions, links to view the source code, and links to the issue trackers.

## Installation

To run this project locally, you'll need to follow these steps:

1. Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your machine.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt in the project directory.
3. To install dependencies in the client sub-directory, navigate into the "client" subdirectory. To install dependencies in the server sub-directory, navigate into the "server" subdirectory.
4. Run the following command to install the project dependencies:

"npm install"

## Running This Project

To run the project in the "client" directory:

- Run "npm run dev" and navigate to https://localhost:5173/

To run the project in the "server" directory:

- Run "npm run serverstart" to start local server on port 3000.

## Source Code/Issues

Please report any issues you experience using this website

- Client Issue Tracker: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-client/issues
- Client Source Code: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-client

- Server Issue Tracker: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-server/issues
- Server Source Code: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-server

## License

This project is not licensed and is All Rights Reserved.

You may not use, modify, or distribute the code in any form without explicit permission from the project owner.

Commit message:

Edit README to include info on MongoDB environment variable

README.md, after:

# Where's Waldo Knock-Off Project

Live Site: https://wheres-waldo-client.vercel.app/
Server Repository: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-server

This project was built using Vite, React.js, Node.js, Express.JS, and was styled using Styled Components. Below you can find installation instructions, links to view the source code, and links to the issue trackers.

## Installation

To run this project locally, you'll need to follow these steps:

1. Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your machine.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt in the project directory.
3. To install dependencies in the client sub-directory, navigate into the "client" subdirectory. To install dependencies in the server sub-directory, navigate into the "server" subdirectory.
4. Run the following command to install the project dependencies:

"npm install"

## Running This Project

To run the project in the "client" directory:

- Run "npm run dev" and navigate to https://localhost:5173/

To run the project in the "server" directory:

- Run "npm run serverstart" to start local server on port 3000.

[!WARNING]
.env file is not included in server repository for security purposes. To run a server locally for this project, please create a MongoDB database and add its Mongo URL to a .env file with the variable name "MONGO_URL".

## Source Code/Issues

Please report any issues you experience using this website

- Client Issue Tracker: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-client/issues
- Client Source Code: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-client

- Server Issue Tracker: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-server/issues
- Server Source Code: https://github.com/agabra23/wheres-waldo-server

## License

This project is not licensed and is All Rights Reserved.

You may not use, modify, or distribute the code in any form without explicit permission from the project owner.
